README.md, before:

EE205 Lab08d Animal Farm
========================

<img src="images/animal_farm_full.jpg" width="300" align="left" hspace="10" vspace="10" />

Animal Farm is a series of labs intended to teach the basics of C and C++.  It's also intended to introduce good
Software Engineering practices.  Students are expected to "Live" in
this project as the code evolves over a series of requirements.

|Animal Farm Version| Description                                                                                 |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Animal Farm 0| An array-based database of cats, where each attribute is an array.                          |
|Animal Farm 1| An array-based database of cats, where each a cat's attributes are collected in a `struct`. |
|Animal Farm 2| A singly linked-list database of cats, where each cat is an object.                         |
|Animal Farm 3| A database of mammals...                                                                    |
|Animal Farm 4| Create class factories                                                                      |
|Animal Farm 5| A database of animals                                                                       |
|Animal Farm 6| A full zoo of animals                                                                       |

Commit message:

Fix bugs & ehhance language in CONTRIBUTE.md Wire CONTRIBUTE.md into Doxygen Add links and improve README.md

README.md, after:

EE205 Lab08d Animal Farm
========================

<img src="images/animal_farm_full.jpg" width="300" align="left" hspace="10" vspace="10" alt="Animal farm"/>

Animal Farm is a series of labs intended to teach the basics of C and C++.  It's also intended to introduce good
Software Engineering practices.  Students are expected to "Live" in
this project as the code evolves over a series of requirements.

#### Links
The project's home page (hosted by GitHub) is [here](https://github.com/marknelsonengineer/ee205_lab10d_animal_farm_2)

The documentation for the source code (hosted by UH) is [here](http://www2.hawaii.edu/~marknels/ee205/html/index.html)

#### Roadmap
| Animal Farm Version | Description                                                                                 |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Animal Farm 0       | An array-based database of cats, where each attribute is an array.                          |
| Animal Farm 1       | An array-based database of cats, where each a cat's attributes are collected in a `struct`. |
| Animal Farm 2       | A singly linked-list database of cats, where each cat is an object.                         |
| Animal Farm 3       | A database of mammals...                                                                    |
| Animal Farm 4       | Create class factories                                                                      |
| Animal Farm 5       | A database of animals                                                                       |
| Animal Farm 6       | A full zoo of animals                                                                       |
